README.md, before:

# Satellite-Trajectory-Tracker

- The system’s design aims to create an interactive platform for real-time satellite tracking and trajectory visualization.  The system is constructed using Python

- The system integrates live Two-Line Element (TLE) data fetched from CelesTrak and parsed with Skyfield (a Python astronomy library) to provide accurate and up-to-date satellite orbital information

- The system uses a Python library VPython, that allows users to create navigable 3D displays and animations

- The system transforms TLE data into precise metrics such as latitude, longitude, altitude, and velocity using advanced vector calculations and principles of orbital mechanics

- Additionally, the system allows users to interact with a 3D model of the Earth by rotating and zooming in and out, observing the orbital path of different satellites using mouse gestures and controls



TO DO:

- Create a propagator instead of just using built-in functions from libraries
- Compare my own calculations to Skyfields more accurate calculations
- Add earth textures to Matplotlib interface

Commit message:

Update README with library changes and TO DO items
Updated README to reflect changes in libraries used and added new features to the TO DO list.

README.md, after:

# Satellite-Trajectory-Tracker

- The system’s design aims to create an interactive platform for real-time satellite tracking and trajectory visualization.  The system is constructed using Python

- The system integrates live Two-Line Element (TLE) data fetched from CelesTrak and parsed with Skyfield and SciPy (a Python astronomy library) to provide accurate and up-to-date satellite orbital information

- The system uses a Python library matplotlib, that allows users to create navigable 3D displays and animations

- The system transforms TLE data into precise metrics such as latitude, longitude, altitude, and velocity using advanced vector calculations and principles of orbital mechanics

- Additionally, the system allows users to interact with a 3D model of the Earth by rotating and zooming in and out, observing the orbital path of different satellites using mouse gestures and controls



TO DO:

- Add earth textures to matplotlib interface
- Add a user favourites section
- Add satellite parameters to the relevant table (since I made a new propagator)
- Add lat, long to satellite info
- Polish up GUI
